Can you please create a new tool called Aquire to have all the capabilities of trf-measure but in a format similar to explore - so white with a layout similar to the one in the image called AcquireScreenShot (images folder)?  The Inspect, Help, Tap, Motor, Show History, and Add Photo buttons can be removed.  The three graphs on the side are the FFT(hammer hit), Hammer hit and microphone recording (please use these color lines) - the vertical green bar is a cutoff filter, forcing everything to zero past the green bar (and the user can move it aroudn to recalculate everything). The dotted purple bar on the hammer signal is the threshold (what triggers a DAQ event).  Note that there should be a preferences section that allows the user to set these numbers as well.  The should also set the time before the hit (default 0.01) and after the hit (default 0.3 sec). Please use as much of the python library similar to https://github.com/chrisbuerginrogers/ObieWebApp/blob/main/Python%20Code/Aquire.py as possible.  Across the top - settings should open up the preferences and notes shoudl open up a little text editor where the person can write notes.  The STOP button will pause looking for a trigger.  The H01 etc are the hit labels and the Y button autoscales the y with a 0 dB spread (please make these buttons and functionality identical to those in the Explore page). The title on the top tells you what it you are on.  Please add a button to connect to a data folder on their computer like you did with explore.  Please add a button also that says LiveVIew and show the window you developed in explore for quick testing and another button that says Template... and lets you import a template of settings that should include everything about the hit (type of soundcard, hit threshold, cutoff filter settings, and give both the microphone and the hammer a calibration factor tha tthe user can enter)

In Acquire, can you please remove the option of the green line in the FFT - that green line should be in both the raw signals (microphone and hammer) and also in preferences.  Also - can you plesae only update the raw data plots every time there is a trigger?  Finally - please remove tne two buttons download TRV and WAV and all smoothing.

can you please only show the positive purple (trigger) line on the raw hammer plot.  Also can you have the hammer FFT be normalized by the max value and only be from 200 to 10000 on the x axis and from 0 to -25 dB on the Y.  And finally can you please show the currently selected sound card on the e lined as "Armed Ho1..." but right justified in blue