


can you make a new tool called Explore that looks like the screenshot?  When you hit the interpret button, you would get the image.png?  Going across the top - the dropdown menu New Test... lets you start a new test from a number of templates (for now just have it pop up a dialog box that says you picked XX template - the names of the templates with their definition should be on a json file in the tools' folder.  Scratch... button should do the same. The Settings button should have two options: Preferences and LiveVIew.  The first should open a new webpage with all the configuration parameters and the ability to change them and the LiveView should let the user connect up to the microphone and look like the second image. Buttons Fun, Shortcuts, Help, and Getting Started shoudl just do an alert saying "you pressed it" for now. Search lets the user search through a folder structure for all the trf, AvC, and AvR files, Browse just brigns up a dialog box so that they can pick any file, iists allows the user to pick from predefined lists (saved on a local json page) or make a new list, share zips up the existing visible data sets and lets the user save that on their machine.  Colors allows them to pull from predefined cholor schemes for the plot (or define their own).  Ignore the FRF dropdown.  the first log button toggles the Y axis to be log/linear - the Y button rescales the Y axis by hitting the max in the data set and going down a defined number of dB (in this case 38). X scales the x axis and the second log button toggles the x axis spacing. The next dropdown allows smoothing (1/4, 1/2, 1, 2,3,4 semitones, or octave). and the next dropdown lets you choose to just show the data or normalize each line by its max.  Then you can choose your band averaging from a list of predefined bands, you can define new bands, or export the band data to Excel.  On the left column you can select whcih data sets are visible, you can change the color, or hit the green arrow and it will convolve the frf with a default WAV file and play it over the speakers (the default wav file and the speaker port should be defined up in settings).  Finally you have a set of buttons that let you change the listing - the first selects all the names in the list, the second deselects all, e third (reduce) removes all unselected datasets from the list, and Clear All removes them all.  And finally Undo allows you to go back to the last setting.  Please make sure that you set it up like the other tools, where you pull all file parsing, processing, etc from the GitHub files at https://github.com/chrisbuerginrogers/ObieWebApp/tree/main/Python%20Code